to build/watch in osx(probably same in linux) navigate to this folder in terminal and enter
./tweego_osx64 -s "Init" -o "Degrees_of_Lewdity_mod2.html" "./src" -w
could try to figure out how to do something like the call thingy that the _watch.bat does

todo?:
try making events and money have limited numbers,
  only 1 of door to door events per day/week/game or x number of houses
  school locker budget, adjusted with delay by thefts
  track notable stolen money and require paying it back when caught
  dancing too fast/easy?
    is seducing useful? it also takes just 1 min
  robbing houses might be too quick too, iirc 5min
    kind of reasonable if you just think about open lock check for valuables and leave
    maybe instead each house robbing will call police and reduce the time they need to show up
      then they hang around in the street for a while preventing you from doing anything weird
      also catch you if they know you're a criminal
  haven't tried how good prostitutioning is might want to adjust it if it's too good
    one idea would be to have reputation for how easy it is to have sex with you which would reduce how much people are willing to pay.

  diminishing coolness gains from partying/playing volleyball in the same day?
  event frequency good or bad for money if promiscuous?
    maybe less money opportunities if already rich
profit stats based on activities? graphable data?
can widgets take arguments?
I know there are some fame stats but not really what they do.

If we were to break the mansions up so that we could say you've already asked everyone what'd they look like?
Mansion 1, Doll guy
  Parents basically never home, goes to school or is tutored?
  What'd happen if parents came while you were around? Angry at you trying to seduce their darling? Option to pretend to be a doll.
  Acquaintances or relative of same age coming over to bully him or something and discovering you.
  Dunno how to but I'd like being expected come over and pretend to be a doll on your own without him having to "deal" with you.
  Should doll transformation be a thing?
  Dog doll if collar or ears?
Mansion 2, Heirloom guy
  (Antique) collector of some sort or some other excuse for asking you to visit attic often enough to see spiders
    followup events to spiders? pay for damages? Actually a rare pet that escaped?
    Also spider event is kind of meh, giant spider with a dick would be nicer, also webs and poison could play a role.
  Random item to fetch
  chance to steal stuff
  Some sort of modeling task maybe if he has an artist friend over or something?
Mansion 3, Party arrangers
  Surely can't be throwing parties every day? Just say no work when no party?
  After a successful party or two they like you and offer working as a maid in same clothing?
  Option to become regular and get message about each party?
Mansion 4, weeding place
  Keep track of garden progress and number of creepy stares?
    Eventually get used to the stares? Leading to something different, kidnapping?
  Beating up the dog once or twice will teach it to leave you in peace while opposite will encourage it.
  Maybe watching you work innocently is considered enjoyable and thus get a bonus if angelic/virgin
    Eventually they'd get used to it and send the butler to fetch you if you don't show up.
  Chance to get drenched due to sprinkler
Mansion 5, tea guy
  only home at specific time?
  remember if he thinks you're a whore but maybe look at more things to decide if he's fine with it
    check if you look outwardly proper, no collar, cleanish and clothes in good condition also check reputation.
    refuse even paid sex if look is improper or bad reputation
    otherwise jump to sex if already considered a whore
  only force molestation if some sign of sluttiness or flirting, otherwise apologize with maybe an option to do it anyway while feeling pity or promiscuous
  not asking extra will prevent being considered a whore even if sex happens
  love stat which will make him meet you even if you look improper or have a reputation but then if you don't sex him he might drug you

Random mansions?
make it so most mansions can give most of the event types but still be recognizable as different places?
  so garden, attic, "babysitting", chat and party all should have different ways to be asked.

How does the npc generator work and how would I remember a generated npc?

homework and exercise at home with dumbbells.

events to do
  shop mannequin event add chance for more stuff to happen
    longer duration due to some reason, forgot, no replacement, fun, shop owner gets replaced
    bikini gets bought
    other clothing options
    get recognized by someone? maybe will just think it looks like you
      maybe mention your skin was powdered to look more doll like
      Robin would just notice you and later comment on seeing a doll like you
        Or you could try making noise and get him in trouble for trying to help you
      If hypnotized deeply Doctor could make you orgasm or believe that you are a mannequin
        And/Or get an idea for next sessions
    if strong enough break the restraints and have to run away wearing bikini/top only
    new mannequin molded based on you?


2018-09-08
For hypnosis would be nice if getting over stressed had a chance of entering a trance
  which would at least sometimes force you to get to the hospital, simply doing a blackout event variation would be easy
  but somehow making it so that you play as normally but only options are ones that lead to hospital might be nice
  so bus or 1-3 streets toward hospital but have exposure and maybe events have a chance of breaking the trance based on exhibitionism and such
  could force no events also maybe make it so you think you have more clothes than you do
  masturbation and blowjob could also be hypnosis tasks if you're familiar with them
  



done:
doubled dancing time to 0:02
set mansion robbing time to 0:10
